Adding a SUPPORT.md file (#34)
saucelabs/saucectl: .github/SUPPORT.md

# Getting help with saucectl

Thanks for using saucectl. Before filing an issue, there are a few places
to explore and pieces to put together to make the process as smooth as possible.

First, let's figure out where to ask:

  * If it's a question on a Sauce Labs specific platform feature, send an email to [support@saucelabs.com](support@saucelabs.com).
  * If it's a question on using this specific project, file an issue.
  * If it's a bug: you're in the right place, please also file an issue.

> Before opening a new issue, be sure to [search issues and pull requests](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/issues) to make sure the  bug hasn't been reported and/or already fixed in the development version. By default, the search will be pre-populated with `is:issue is:open`. You can [edit the qualifiers](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues-and-pull-requests/) (e.g. `is:pr`, `is:closed`) as needed. For example, you'd simply remove `is:open` to search _all_ issues in the repo, open or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before opening a new issue, be sure to [search issues and pull requests](https://github.com/saucelabs/saucectl/issues) to make sure the bug hasn't been reported and/or already fixed in the development version. By default, the search will be pre-populated with `is:issue is:open`. You can [edit the qualifiers](https://help.github.com/articles/searching-issues-and-pull-requests/) (e.g. `is:pr`, `is:closed`) as needed. For example, you'd simply remove `is:open` to search _all_ issues in the repo, open or closed.
```

> The maintainer team is committed to respond to your request within a timeframe of 48 hrs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The maintainer team is committed to responding to your request within 48h.
```
